I like "the lord of the ring"
I would like to watch a movie, do you know where I can rent one I will like?
I would like to see a movie with Harrison Ford and Julia Roberts.
I only like movies with Clint Eastwood as the director.
I like some movies directed by Sergio Leone.
I do not like Sydney Pollack.
Can you show me movies directed by Jonathan Demme?
My favorite genre is action comedy.
How many movies has Michael Curtiz directed?
Can you show me a movie I would like?
I do not like that one, can you show me another?
Can you recommend a comedy?
I would like something with action in it as well.
Show me all movies with Robert De Niro.
Which of those have Al Pacino?
Can you suggest something good?
I am feeling sad, what kind of movie would you recommend?
I watched "Star Wars A New Hope" and really liked it, are there any other movies like it?
Can you show me horror films from the 1950s?
Where can I find a copy of Plan 9 From Outer Space near me?
Can you show me movies that I have liked in the past?
I'd like to find an action movie
Tell me the cast list of "Inception"
I like movies with Bradley Whitford
Tell me the plot of "Inception"
My favorite director is Christopher Nolan
I don't like Steven seagal
What are the most popular movies this week?
Can you recommend me a romance movie like titanic?
What are the top rating movies of all time?
I want a horror movie that is not bloody or disgusting
Tell me the top rating movies of 2009
Who is the director of the movie "Inception"
I like Julia 
It is Julia Roberts
I hate romance movies
I dislike action movies 
I think Mr. Nolan is a great director.
Who has starred in the most movies?
What was the worst movie ever?
I like movies like "God Father" or "The load of the rings"
I thought the plot was okay, but the acting sucked.
I got bored
"Toy story 3" was really fun
It was okay.
Leonardo dicaprio is a good actor
I'm looking for a movie with vampires
I'm looking for a bad man movie
I'm wondering if the movie is released on dvd
I would like to find a movie with lots of action.
I also want the movie to be recent.
That's right.
No, that's not what I meant.
Can you show me more movies?
I don't care.
Cancel that.
Which movie is the longest?
Go back.
That question doesn't make sense.
Start a new search.
Can we start over?
Can you show me the most popular movies recently?
I want to see a list of 10 movies.
I like action more than romance.
Which movie has better reviews?
Can you add Inception to the list?
What else is there?
Can you only show movies from this year?
Can you remove all the movies from previous years?
No, I don't like war movies.
Can you make a recommendation?
Choose one for me.
I think they're both ok.
Is this movie appropriate for children?
I don't want animated movies.
Is this movie for kids?
Is this movie scary?
Is that a chick flick?
I don't want any of these movies.
I like movies with romance and not that much action.
What's "Ocean's 11" about?
Is George Clooney also in "Ocean's 13"?
What movies did Steven Seagal direct?
Romantic movies are boring
I like Mark Walberg but not Matt Damon
I don't like movies with Jennifer Gardner
Are there other action movies like Heat?
Who directed the older "Ocean's 11"?
Was Chris Rock in any recent movies?
How many movies was Keanu Reeves in?
How many matrix movies are there?
I hate the matrix
Are there other movies that are similar to Inception?
What is the latest movie that Michael Bay directed?
Did Michael Bay direct Armageddon
What was Meet The Parents about?
Is legally blonde a comedy?
What is iRobot rated?
Was Will Smith in iRobot?
This is boring
Are you a robot?
I want to see some comedy
I don't really like dramas
Please, no killing.
I want to watch some PG-13 movies.
Who directed "Twilight"?
How many versions of "Ocean's 11" are there?
Okay
James Cameron
Next
