I like slapstick comedies.
Show me some 80's movies that are good.
What do you think was Bill Murray's best movie?
Was the sword heavy in Conan?
Danny Devito is funny.
I like racing car movies like "Gone in 60 Seconds."
What about something racy with Nicole Kidman?
What do you recomend that is set in NYC?
How about something that involves international spies?
I would be interested in a political documentory.
Are you really a robot?
Show me a movie where you saved the world.
I feel like a scary movie for Halloween.
Do you know anything about Scrooge or the Grinch?
I prefer the classics, with some dancing too.
Is there any good movies out there?
What is something recent I haven't seen?
Do you know of any good dark comedies?
I'm bored, show me anything unusual, like different.
I like to surf, dude, show me what you got!
I feel like a comedy today. 
No, but I think I’d like one with Seth Rogen.
Can I see the top three recommendations?
Between “The Pineapple Express” and “The Green Hornet”, which movie had the better rating?
Nevermind, I think I want a romance instead.
Can you find me one that was made in the nineties?
How about one with Sandra Bullock? She won an academy award so maybe I should check out some of her earlier movies.
Actually, I don’t want a movie with Sandra Bullock. 
No, but I want that is animated as well.
What’s the top recommendation?
Hmmmm, how about one from the 2000s?
"Tangled" sounds good, is it out on DVD or still in theatres?
Still in theatres . . . okay how about an action movie then?
Okay you’ve convinced me, the Terminator sounds good. However, can I see a list of all the Terminator movies?
Out of all the Terminator movies which one had the best rating?
On second thought, can you give me a list of all the "Predator" movies?
Can you give me a list in terms of rating?
I think that "Predators" looks good, is it out on DVD?
Great, now just for fun. Which movie is the worst "Predator" movie?
When was that movie made?
What is a good action movie?
I dont like romantic movies.
Which actors are in Inception?
What are the top 5 horror movies?
What was Tom Hank's first film?
I want to watch a sci-fi movie, but not one with Nathan Fillion.
What movies have Jackie Earle Haley in them?
What year did "Psycho" come out?
I want to watch a movie with Adam Sandler but not Rob Schneider.
Who directed "Black Hawk Down"?
What is "Funny People" about?
List Michael Moore documentaries
How long is the movie?
What is the movie's runtime?
What is the top rated movie of the year?
Who starred in "Predator"?
Whats a scary movie not about ghosts?
What is Steven Spielberg's most recent movie?
What is the latest movie starring both Seth Rogen and Jason Segel?
How many movies have Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks been in together?
I like movies with Christian Bale.
Show me movies by the same director as "Inception".
How many "Die Hard" movies are there?
How do you like governating California?
Got a movie that's both action and romance?
How about romance and sci-fi?
I loved "Lord of the Rings".
Give me some movies with some hot babes.
Who directed "Endless Waltz"?
I'm feeling like a Miyazaki movie tonight.
Which other movies have actors from "Star Wars"?
Was there ever a "Babylon 5" movie?
I need a Christmas movie that doesn't suck.
Did Terintino act in all of the movies he directed?
Dance for me.
Suggest a movie for me, Arnold.
I've got a buddy who really likes blacksploitation films.
Who stared in "Fight Club"?
When did "Disco Fever" come out?
That last movie you suggested just wasn't metal enough.
Hey, what is your favorite movie?
Hey.
Hello moto.
Why do you reccomend this movie?
How do you spell your last name?
Tell me a little about yourself.
Can you think?
Are you alive?
What do you recommend?
What movie is "It's not a tumor" from?
I'm looking for a movie with George Clooney in a tight suit.
I like movies with Kevin Bacon in them.
To be, or not to be? That is the question.
I was hoping you could tell me more about the movie Inception.
Do you know who starred in the film "Joe Vs. The Volcano"?
What is the movie "Super Mario Bros" about?
How much did "Avatar" cost to make?
What language is "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" in?
What awards did the movie "Up" receive?
